This is alive, this is good, on
[music]
the fast one. Stay with me. What is
your name?
There are six sisters you found dead. What is the name of your brothers?
Oh, Ramadan.
Hazen. I fell on the fence. I was
joking and making the noise of
the man. He brought the checks. He broke
the fence and reassured us. We were taken to the hospital
and they threw a needle. This is my daughter. She was sleeping next to the
mosque.  The door is a wall above her. They told her they did not
break the wall above her head. She says, “My brothers, my
sisters, my brothers, sisters on the right foot.” They slept next to
each other and did not sleep. And I was in the hospital, sitting there waiting.
I mean, my heart was seized. It was over. I saw my daughter. She came.
Where are the rest of them? I shouted. I said, check on me.
Where are the rest of my children? Where is Ramadan and Yazan?
It happened with X-rays and I live in them on the
island of Mosaddaqat